Requirement List:

1. The system will have display with option to click “log in” or “register”.
  1.1. If user is a new user, they shall select “register”, else select “log in”.
    1.1.1. If the user selects “log in”, then the system will prompt the user for their username and password and log the user in upon a valid check against the authentication service.
    1.1.2. If the user selects “register”, they will be asked to provide basic information such as full name, date of birth, email address, display name, as well as creating a unique user handle, and a password that meets strong password requirements. 
      1.1.2.1. The system will check if the requested user handle is unique. If true, user may continue, if false, reject user handle as unavailable.
      1.1.2.2. The system will require that user must agree to the terms of service before submitting account registration request
      1.1.2.3. The system will generate a unique user ID and send an email to the email address supplied by the user to verify their email address.
      1.1.2.4. Upon verification the user will be able to log in as an existing user.
    1.1.3. Upon a valid check of existing users supplied credentials against authentication server, user will log in.
  1.2. The system shall have a home feed page.
    1.2.1. The user shall be able to post “zings” which may contain text, images, emojis, video, or audio.
    1.2.2. The home feed page shall be fed zings from users said user follows, as well as recommendations of people/accounts to follow.
  1.3. The system shall allow user to search for other users and by hashtags in search bar. 
  1.4. The system shall allow user to reset password, deactivate or delete account, or download account data.
  1.5. The system shall allow user to see how many views their zings receive.
  1.6. The system shall have a private messaging system.
    1.6.1. The private messaging system shall allow one user to message another directly
    1.6.2. The private messaging system shall have end-to-end encryption.
2. The system shall save the data provided by users in the Zinger database.
  2.1. The system shall provide a simple GUI similar to Twitter’s.
  2.2. There will be a menu bar on the left side of the screen available on every page.
  2.3. The user will input information via typing, text, or image, video, audio files.
3. The system shall be developed using C#, T-SQL, and ASP.NET.
  3.1. The system shall be hosted in GitHub and Azure.
